README.md, before:

HPath
=====

This tool is a browser-based, user-extensible report generator for clinical
environments, as outlined in our recently published [abstract](http://www.jpathinformatics.org/text.asp?2012/3/1/37/102183). The abstract can also be viewed
directly from [Google Docs](https://docs.google.com/document/pub?id=1FiF-YZFOuURaMsRb71Baaw4WjKv19LZGtbrI9WMx7W8).

The tool is deployed as a web application composed entirely from static content
and served by [GitHub Pages](http://pages.github.com/). Source code is located
in the [gh-pages](https://github.com/wilkinson/hpath/tree/gh-pages) branch.

Templates for the tool are completely decoupled from the application itself
and use a domain-specific language (DSL) based on JavaScript Object Notation
(JSON). Example templates, including the default template for hematopathology,
are available in the
[templates](https://github.com/wilkinson/hpath/tree/templates) branch.

Various project statistics are available on
[GitHub](https://github.com/wilkinson/hpath/graphs) and
[Ohloh](https://www.ohloh.net/p/hpath-report-generator/), too.

Commit message:

Updated README to reflect the deletion of "master" and "templates" branches

README.md, after:

HPath
=====

This tool is a browser-based, user-extensible report generator for clinical
environments, as outlined in our recently published [abstract](http://www.jpathinformatics.org/text.asp?2012/3/1/37/102183). The abstract can also be viewed
directly from [Google Docs](https://docs.google.com/document/pub?id=1FiF-YZFOuURaMsRb71Baaw4WjKv19LZGtbrI9WMx7W8).

The tool is deployed as a web application composed entirely from static content
and served by [GitHub Pages](http://pages.github.com/). Note that the default
branch for this project is therefore "gh-pages", not "master".

Templates for the tool are completely decoupled from the application itself
and use a domain-specific language (DSL) based on JavaScript Object Notation
(JSON). Example templates, including the default template for hematopathology,
are available in the
[templates](https://github.com/wilkinson/hpath/tree/gh-pages/templates)
directory.

Various project statistics are available on
[GitHub](https://github.com/wilkinson/hpath/graphs) and
[Ohloh](https://www.ohloh.net/p/hpath-report-generator/), too.
